[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Benjamin H is asking
about handleSearchTermEvent,
we're gonna take care of that momentarily.
Stay tuned, I guess is what I would say.
>> Brian Holt: So
go back to search.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
And now, we're gonna have to
pass all the1 stuff into,
>> Brian Holt: Into the header, sorry.
[COUGH] So go here and
say const Header equals
= require('./header').
Okay, and now we're gonna rid
of this business right here.
>> Brian Holt: Where it says header and
we're gonna put Header here.
But now we're gonna have to start
passing some of this stuff into,
>> Brian Holt: Into the Header.
So come down here and we're gonna say,
handleSearchTermChange.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna kinda modify
this here up here in just a sec.
I wanna say
this.handleSearchTermChange and
then we're gonna also pass
it in the search terms.
We're gonna say searchTerm =
this.state.searchTerm, right,
cuz this is coming from the state,
not necessary from the properties.
And then we're gonna
also just do showSearch.
And if you just reference it
like that with nothing provided,
it's gonna pass in true.
So this is kind of a shorthand and
actually our standard requires that,
standard React requires that.
But just know that that's equivalent to
this.
>> Brian Holt: Right?
>> Brian Holt: That's the difference
there.
So here's another personal preference and
I say most React developers agree with me,
not necessarily all of them.
This is kinda hard to parse,
right, it's pretty dense.
We're seeing all these properties being
passed down, so you can actually put these
on multiple lines like this.
>> Brian Holt: And
its nice to be able to, that's pretty easy
to parse, right, pretty easy to read.
Looks kinda weird, because we're not
used to seeing HTML that way but
this this works okay with JSX.
And then some people prefer to put
the closing tag on the last line.
I'm of the school of thought,
it's nice to put it there,
cuz then I can just keep adding, whoops!
I can keep adding new things
underneath it without having to make
sure that that's on the right line.
Up to you, you don't have to do that
either.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so let's talk about
handleSearchTermEvent and why we
didn't actually use it the same way.
So what we're gonna do here
is going to change this,
the name of this function to
be handleSearchTermChange.
And then we're not gonna
have it take an event.
We're actually gonna just have it take
the searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna change
this to be searchTerm.
Now why is that?
We can actually make
this work with events and
we can actually just call raw from the
child up to the parent given the event.
But that actually makes this this
particular function far less reusable.
Because now it only works with events and
that's kind of a problem.
Because what happens if we have
multiple places that we can
change our search term, right?
We have to either simulate some
sort of synthetic event and
that's a really gross icky thing to do,
right?
Creating this synthetic event that we're
just like passing and creating ourselves.
Instead, what we'll do is we'll unravel
that event in the child then we'll pass up
just the raw string, right?
So let's actually just
go do that really quick.
So come back down to header.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: Did I
call this handleSearchTermChange,
I just wanna make sure,
handleSearchTermChange is
actually what I wanted.
And then this handleSearchTermEvent,
so actually what we wanna do here.
So we're gonna make a new method
here called handleSearchTermEvent.
This is gonna take an event.
>> Brian Holt: And
here we're just gonna say,
this.props.handleSearchTermChange with
e.target.value.
Sorry, I tend to call my events e.
I think it's a pretty common thing for
most UI engineers but
you can call this event if
that makes you feel better.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
does anyone who have a question
about why I did it this particular
way?
>> Brian Holt: It's in
the interest of making that
function more reusable.
So now I can use it anywhere that I have
to be able to handleSearchTermChange.
And I'm using the same code path,
which is always a good thing, right?
We're using our code, which means less
code, and that means one place to find
bugs instead of two
>> Speaker 2: Did
you want the onChange to be
this.handleSearchTermEvent instead of
this.props.handleSearchTermEvent?
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
you're right.
>> Brian Holt: So here on onChange,
there should be no props here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so come back to
search for just a second.
>> Brian Holt: Make
sure we're passing that in correctly,
we are.
The other thing I wanted to show you real
quick, notice how we're saying searchTerm,
searchTerm.
Well there's a neat ES6 function that
we can actually just say searchTerm and
that works.
And that's exactly the same as this.
So those two things are exactly the same.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's just an ES6 convenience
functionality that if your property and
the name of your variable
is the same thing,
you can just write it once and
it will extrapolate that that's what you
meant.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I'll take some questions in just a second.
Let's go make sure that I'm
actually doing everything okay,
make sure I didn't actually
break our search here.
So it's still rendering okay and it looks
like it's still searching okay as well,
so.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
any questions about that?
>> Speaker 3: What is
let utilSpace doing?
>> Brian Holt: So let utilSpace is
basically declaring I have a mutable
variable that I'm going to use.
So if we go back to Header, I mean you
could just as easily say var here and
that's just fine.
Let is just kinda the new
way of declaring mutability.
It also has block level scoping, which
we don't necessarily need to talk about.
But for all intents and purposes for this,
it's the same thing.
>> Speaker 3: I'm getting an error
that the variable utilSpace is defined but
never used.
>> Brian Holt: Do you have it
down here?
>> Brian Holt: That's the part where
we use it.
>> Brian Holt: See,
isn't your linter helpful?
[LAUGH] That's exactly the kind
of errors you wan it to
find.
>> Brian Holt: And I'll cut a branch and
push it up here in just a sec cuz
we're gonna kind of switch gears for
a little bit after this.
>> Brian Holt: Questions?
>> Brian Holt: I can only assume I'm
teaching this perfectly then.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: All right so let's
cut a new branch here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so I cut fem-20, so
feel free to go grab
that if your stuff's not
working.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
so let's go and switch gears a little bit,
unless anyone has any other
questions?
>> Speaker 5: Can
you just walk through quickly how
data flows when a user adds an input?
>> Brian Holt: Sure, so
coming to header, so a user's going
to type into this input, right?
Now every time that you type something
it's gonna fire off an onChange event
which is going to come up here
to handleSearchTermEvent, right?
This is gonna handle the event here.
This in turn is going to call
handleSearchTermChange which it's
getting from its properties
which is going to be a function,
but this is given from the parent, right?
So this comes back to our idea that
children can call the parents and say,
hey, I have something happened.
But it's up to the parent to implement
this handleSearchTermChange, right?
The parent is under no obligation
to change anything about its state.
So the parent can say, if I'm being called
by this child just ignore it, right?
That's totally fine and
that's totally a black box to this child.
It has no idea of whether
the parent's respecting this or
not.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
it's gonna call with event.target.value,
which is going to be passed up to
the parent, which is search.jsx.
It takes in this searchTerm, right,
which is literally just
a string of what's changing.
And then it's going to call
setState with searchTerm,
which actually gets propagated up here.
We're changing our state,
which is ultimately going to re-render
our entire UI and that's how it works.